Update SDK, bump version to 2.0.0 (#221)
okta/okta-sdk-python: CHANGELOG.md

# Okta Python SDK Changelog

## v2.0.0
- Regenerate code using the [open API spec v2.5.0](https://github.com/okta/okta-management-openapi-spec/releases/tag/openapi-2.5.0).

> - Make sign_on_mode of all apps instance of enum, issue #198 (this change might be not compatible with custom clients code, although probability is low)

Reviewer: Since this is a potential breaking change, I suggest adding a section for this and briefly show what changed (see [this](https://github.com/okta/okta-sdk-dotnet/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#breaking-changes) for example).

Author: Added

# Okta Python SDK Changelog

## v2.0.0
- Regenerate code using the [open API spec v2.5.0](https://github.com/okta/okta-management-openapi-spec/releases/tag/openapi-2.5.0).
- Make sign_on_mode of all apps instance of enum, issue #198 (this change might be not compatible with custom clients code, although probability is low)
- Add response headers to OktaAPIResponse object, issue #218

_New resources:_
* Domain
* UserSchema

_New models:_
* DnsRecord
* DnsRecordType
* Domain
* DomainCertificate
* DomainCertificateMetadata
* DomainCertificateSourceType
* DomainCertificateType
* DomainListResponse
* DomainValidationStatus
* UserSchemaAttributeEnum
* UserSchemaAttributeItems
* UserSchemaAttributeMasterPriority
* UserSchemaAttributeMasterType
* UserSchemaAttributeScope
* UserSchemaAttributeType
* UserSchemaAttributeUnion
* UserSchemaProperties
* UserSchemaPropertiesProfile
* UserSchemaPropertiesProfileItem

### Breaking changes

> Previously, some predefined apps set string type for attribute `sign_on_mode`, while some other apps, including generic app, leave ApplicationSignOnMode type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, the type of `sign_on_mode` attribute was inconsistent among different applications. While some applications, including the generic application, defined this attribute as string, others defined it as `ApplicationSignOnMode`.

```

> To make type consistent, sign_on_mode attribute of all applications are ApplicationSignOnMode type now. Thus, code like the following, which was working previously, won't provide desired result:

Reviewer: We have now standardized the `sign_on_mode` attribute making its type an `ApplicationSignOnMode`. Thus, code like the following, which was working previously, won't provide desired result:
